## What Are Strategy Roleplaying Games?
If roleplaying strategy games are new to you, they can feel daunting when attempting to tackle them as a concept. Don’t worry, though. Roleplaying strategy games are about friendly competition and constructive collaboration between players, even for the game’s referee(s). While competition does exist, it is best to remember the word **collaboration** here. Collaboration is a form of entertainment and a way to produce exciting outcomes and not boring, uneventful gaming experiences. Quite the opposite. Collaboration between institutions of higher learning (IHLs) (and even between individual players) is the best way to develop each IHL, explore the future of higher education, and craft wonderful, enriching experiences that will stick with each player. 

Two more aspects of roleplaying strategy games, aside from **competition** and **collaboration**, are **roleplaying** and **strategy**. 

In essence, roleplaying games require most individual players to take on a persona, which has been tailored for the game story or context. In this strategy roleplaying game, players, as a group, take on the persona of an established institution of higher learning, a business, a sports team, a news agency, or even a government organization. For example, Archuleta Community College (ACC), a small, rural community college nestled in the San Juan Mountains, might be a group’s persona. As ACC, we’ll use its abbreviated name, players will interact with their fellow competitors and their own in-game personas, along with the referee(s) and their non-player characters (NPCs). ACC might also interact with the referee in how a situation might be role-played, how something might progress forward, and how challenging a given task might be. In all, players playing as ACC are indistinguishable from ACC as an institution. Everything ACC wants, the players want. Everything ACC does, the players have a hand in from the get-go. When the referee interacts with ACC, it is on the basis that the players playing ACC are acting in the interests of their institution of higher learning, Archuleta Community College. 

Strategy means thinking ahead, thinking of hiccups or stumbling points that might lie ahead, and determining the best use of resources (i.e., Victory Tokens). In other words, strategy is more than mere competition with other players, hoping to defeat them in the game; it is about thinking forward and thinking in the long term. 
